Add Y091: Protocol method arg should not be pos-or-kw (#442)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: ERRORCODES.md

| Y059 | `Generic[]` should always be the last base class, if it is present in a class's bases tuple. At runtime, if `Generic[]` is not the final class in a the bases tuple, this [can cause the class creation to fail](https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/106102). In a stub file, however, this rule is enforced purely for stylistic consistency.
| Y060 | Redundant inheritance from `Generic[]`. For example, `class Foo(Iterable[_T], Generic[_T]): ...` can be written more simply as `class Foo(Iterable[_T]): ...`.<br><br>To avoid false-positive errors, and to avoid complexity in the implementation, this check is deliberately conservative: it only looks at classes that have exactly two bases.
| Y061 | Do not use `None` inside a `Literal[]` slice. For example, use `Literal["foo"] \| None` instead of `Literal["foo", None]`. While both are legal according to [PEP 586](https://peps.python.org/pep-0586/), the former is preferred for stylistic consistency.

> | Y062 | Protocol methods should not be positional-or-keyword. Usually, a positional-only argument is better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Y062 | Protocol methods should not have positional-or-keyword parameters. Usually, a positional-only parameter is better.
```

| Code | Description
|------|------------
| Y090 | `tuple[int]` means "a tuple of length 1, in which the sole element is of type `int`". Consider using `tuple[int, ...]` instead, which means "a tuple of arbitrary (possibly 0) length, in which all elements are of type `int`".

> >>>>>>> upstream/main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I swear I looked at the diff before making the PR :)

| <a id="Y064" href="#Y064">Y064</a> | Use simpler syntax to define final literal types. For example, use `x: Final = 42` instead of `x: Final[Literal[42]]`. | Style
| <a id="Y065" href="#Y065">Y065</a> | Don't use bare `Incomplete` in argument and return annotations. Instead, leave them unannotated. Omitting an annotation entirely from a function will cause some type checkers to view the parameter or return type as "untyped"; this may result in stricter type-checking on code that makes use of the stubbed function. | Style
| <a id="Y066" href="#Y066">Y066</a> | When using if/else with `sys.version_info`, put the code for new Python versions first. | Style

> | <a id="Y067" href="#Y066">Y067</a> | Protocol methods should not have positional-or-keyword parameters. Usually, a positional-only parameter is better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a id="Y067" href="#Y067">Y067</a> | Protocol methods should not have positional-or-keyword parameters. Usually, a positional-only parameter is better.
```
